you should have heard it in the night victims of the emergency room meeting for areas.
I know a private was so great that Maybe it's good he did save me and be like Michael.
I'd be like, Mom, What should we do at the time well, this temperature was 104.5 that is so high, You slow it.
How long was it there that's strange for the doctor said braindown? The doctors did the pediatrician, because I asked him about it, and he said that they don't hospitalize until they go up to like 100
and 7 and that's where It's fatal and I was like, Well, what about breath?
Damage that doesn't matter excuse me brain damage is important to me, he said.
Actually fevers are he explaining says i'm not fevers are like good for babies like when they're if we're getting sick because they help the immune system fly harder.
Somehow that's what the I mean that's what the reason the body gets out hot is like to kill the germs.
One of Earthy, isn't that part of it yes, Doctor tell us i'm pretty sure i'm pretty sure that's part of it.
But it's just that you have to watch out because then if it gets too hot.
It's bad for the brain it's like a cart overheats.
Let's talk about Binos I know the one and more writing which one This one is mine.
I recognize that's the one that's 10 days older than That's Michael Bills are said nephews He's a he's 3 is he talking anymore.
See drive to a good nap I can't understand he you can. But then you can't sometimes some of the things he says.
Does he talk big long things but you just can't understand It little piece of paper he's like a star child. No, there's 2 days when I go therapist.
It's just 2 different ways like kids can either like they'll say one word, but does it really like pretty clear, and that's the way they'll have like 20 words or whatever and they'll just ask for one thing and
there's other kids who go in a minute and there'll be a word in there somewhere.
Don't forget. Give him a drink let's see drinks too fast.
It just went down on occurred around. but anyway. so this is like a different style.
Say sir, they're allowed to do that they're allowed but so you're going to do it you're writing.
You're writing it's funny because he'll be like you'll do it in the morning.
He'll send for the tube to the bottom one hand is watching Tv, and i'm like good. Well, he was sitting here, and he was watched like his grandpa.
He was watching the football game Violin went and not and what you wish, girls.
Oh, Karen, spin a baby slobber, you just Michael Michael Sher was all wet from my hand.
Chronic pain is up and breathing through his mouthwork, because it can be 3.
Another, and then you couldn't even read the they have this thing. It was this bit of long ago, too. It was funny, because, like they put a mess charger and you just see like smoke.
Keep it like a mist, like a humidifier coming out, and I was like out of his throw.
I mean. Then when they put this down No, they stuck it in. a tube came out of a tube, and I just had to hold it like around his face.
Oh, it was oxygen, but they put a missed in it so that he could.
They don't want to stick oxygen to up his nose.
I put a mask on it, take it off. And it was funny, because every time I could see a person wearing blue video, you start like they were stubborn.
They? Okay, Okay, and they walk out of the room because they don't want to excite him because they didn't want him to hypervate for the and then the doctor comes in, and he just looks and then I stick this big thing on his
finger. it's like light censored and they have to guard it from the light, and that's what measures his heart rate, and it measures his oxygen percent.
How much else cool. Yeah, it was like 86% of what's supposed to be 90.
What adult like 97 is okay. I think adults are supposed to be anywhere from like 93 to on a good day.
That income babies are going to go right higher because it was her heart rate. She was 4.
It was supposed to be, I think he said, like 1 68 or so, but 168 versus 204.
That's still scary and he was doing it when he'd get really excited, so that's why they were staying away from him.
We had to hold him down for them to give him a shot in his body.
Sure what they give a shot. You make a swallowing go down in his throat to get in the bottom.
You know what you're in the side and how is he about shots, he cried.
Find out good anymore. Then I remember the first time I took him for a shot.
He did not care at all with that. And then after that it was Ok.
And then, like the next time I took him he's off and then I picked him up in his legs were bleeding and stuff, and that blow, my sure knows.
Oh, cool, but left because he bleeds after they give a Michelle, don't they? But that must No, it was just coming out.
Do I mean he was like well, they should have, but were usually like you.
But it all over. It was just like a little dribble. I know it had gone on my shirt and like.
Oh, my twilight's bleeding watch up for that glass, looking at it.
Change isn't that supposed to give them juice in a model people's to drink it out of a cup where originally there?
No cause Derek get baby bottle tooth, decay, and drinking juice, and stuff out walls, because the sugar distinctly explain it.
You better do it till there you go and that really makes sense to me, because when they just leave it in their mouth the juice Oh, because they don't swallow it right away to me who can in a cup, they you know they
drink their right away. Is he good at drinking out of cups, or sometimes sometimes he's like, Okay, i'm not getting it F, and he pulls it up and he has it all over. Well, You probably try those little baby
cups down like that reason so we don't understand.
So we just give them the cup. He has a little cups here.
Do they have 2 handles or not? yeah it just has wood I have one that doesn't have any handles Here, give me but this one.
We bought him into Christmas Cup. Better my Christmas cook. Slow man!
Did you see to learn a man you saw that I don't know what Michael did Representina.
I know that's our wish to have did you spell his name and cheese on there.
I thought no, she didn't even catch it well they don't know.
Nobody knows how to spell it's your 2 sees no, but usually it's I as a a C. there's always 2 a's and isaac and you just read it one well, there's 2 ways of
spelling it. Yeah, Well, it's not like his is wrong or something.
Well, there's a lot more God just can't you know he knew that.
Yeah, but you and it's just like I am out you guys like, Oh, my God, that was hard.
If you could just go. Oh, come on i'm ready to drink some more.
No, golly, pretty! Did they scare you? Okay, It sound worse than it was.
It was like day look for blood I didn't so much to you i'm used to the story he crawls and you're gonna hits his head on it i'm like causing between it and i'm like you're good
at your hands, and you go, Huh! you're gonna hit your head Huh!
Huh? so use I ss a suits and you can spell it with z's, too. i've seen the izz ac or iz ac It sounds like a problem.
I think that's like because in his baby book I had a bunch of ways to spell it, and I just thought it would to us, as it looked better.
I don't know 2 and I robe just look ugly.
Yeah, she got him. Isaac savages and then just well, I mean no, because of Major S.
It's s a a 2 so you'd have I get it. it's like highest cookie is today, or we don't know.
Yeah, it's kind of you know like yeah yeah he's kind of like down to Earth.
I think. Are you like what that your disease kind of weird he sees from here?
Oh, like part of you're affiliated with I mean you want house that they drums with Tdi.
Oh, I don't know I just knew I didn't like the other guy who's d cargo Yeah, and he was governor.
He's annoying for you so he's done Okay, for for Nellie. he's been lofty for the time.
Yeah, he like what's his? to month? or something? yeah He was even before that he was like in a non-girl ball, and anybody could go, And it was his. What was it? his Niagara wall wasn't that Well, he had like
a like a blue gene bar, or something like that. It was praise, pre inaugural law, or something like that, I know, but they just wore deans.
It was cool. There were teams that you had to bring canned Kath food for like good food drug kind of thing.
But he doesn't seem so I don't know preach he's like he's like forgetting I like against games and stuff like that.
But you could see like cargo just kind of be like all these low lives.
You know, like I can see him thinking something like that where he's just above all those people, and like they you know that their problem games got worse.
It seems that way. I don't know I don't think so there's so much a problem I think it's just I don't know if it's just the way. people are in general.
Now, I mean, I don't even go to like to see the day I was watching the Tv, and this man went to Walmart and just shot like you know, there was a there was one Louisiana I think yesterday and when the
day before that encounters, your daddy was pretty sure that one was in Kansas.
Well, I know there was one thing that means There was 2 you can't even go to Walmart anymore. You can't even go to the store without having to worry.
But there was one at what a pistol little caesar's the day before that you know check your teeth.
Cheese meals in the roar that's your multiple does your parents see Barbara doesn't live in a room?
You bet she was close to her, because you used to always tell me to live in this small town.
No, what's a G. when now no I think he wants everybody in it.
No, there went they learned what the G. Isn't There right or what street is, or at Lima Gaylor.
Maybe that's what great street it's just really weird you just can't do anything anymore like I told my kid. you can't Even Michael. they were saying I think it was on the news on the radio were like that like there
was somebody going around and I think it was I think it i'm pretty sure it was here that if you flash your lights, and they wouldn't have their lights on. or they would have their bright side and if you flash them
they would. It was supposed to be a gang initiation.
I think they were. They were saying this one and I told like oh, God, you can't even be courteous and tell somebody else, hey?
Dumb dub you're a your life and I mean I never think I never thought of that really doing you before.
I just, you know, spaced it kind of whatever I always figured they were broken. I don't know, but after that I was wisdom.
Are you doing when their headlines are off right yeah right or either when they're well?
If they're bright or wrong yeah they're driving them in their right time, you just flick your bytes on the intern walk, or if their lights aren't on or like if they're just their running lights on our
shoulders. But then I don't Know But I mean you can't even do that anymore.
More that one home, that guy It was killed, that one guy was in a like a cop car.
Remember that is pulling people over i'm giving him fast tickets.
I was here. Yeah, there was this guy He was in he acted like it was an unmarked car, or something. and oh, well, as you put that light on top.
No, no, not a slip top, just like any old looking car.
And then they take that wire and put it on top road or in the front part would pull people over, and he was wearing like a like, You know.
I can sure you can buy them like shirts, like, you know, for the police anymore.
And they were doing that 1,000,000 people over. They were stealing their cars.
There are people in the back. I think that's what They're doing you still.
Okay, So they were carjacking them. They pull them over and then carjack, and then they quick. and then.
So we got up on you know Tv and we're saying Oh, this about a don't stop for the police even. Yeah, turn.
Yeah, I know what you mean you can't do anything like you Do is just stay with me.
Stay home, and that's it We're still like Stephanie.
Now definitely Daphne says it's like what do you know I can never think of that word end of the world.
Park loops. No, the other one correlation no keep on like, you know, Born again.
Christians are just good. Forget it. Do you know them checking me out?
Oh, I have no idea what the one where all the good, the ones that are marked rapture supposed to.
No, she never went to cover. Oh, my God! Calvary Chapel!
What was the way she used to go now? She went to one that was right by Montana, but it was the same deal.
It was just a much much smaller church. It was warning just so explicit branches she was, or she is.
She hasn't gone forever. what is her her Husband's Catholic, and what is she officially?
She don't fix it officially anything officially when I was she's not baptized.
Has anything she did this, you know, like, Well, port again. Christians have this thing.
Where, where they, you know, like kind of the you know try to like inspire you.
And then you're just supposed to like proclaim yourself like that day.
That's what baptism is well it's not supposed to be baptism.
Well, you know it definitely. Not so officially because wasn't It Well, who and they don't get a certificate.
It's just like You're gonna change your life kind of thing it's like God, and like we're like to leave.
We're, She's saying that barbara's in something about Ash Wednesday.
Yes, was she still she's a pentecostal well, she said, She asked, if I had went and got ashes on my forehead.
Yet. I don't know. what she said some things just said well Jesus is in your heart, not on your forehead, or something that i'm still stupid. It's just like well you know you just proved that you absolutely know nothing
about the Catholic religion that was never point. So whatever I was just like oh, oh, no funny!
One day Care was at the store and me and Kasm were talking, and they were just like That's before he fired bearing.
I guess. Yes, a day he asked us about Barry asked to remember. Yeah, because that was the day he said he was going to fire.
Well, he had told us that your private was gonna let him go. Well, what happened?
I Yeah, I never, I'm i'm going to get you off after very, was Mr.
Wonderful good he never was he never, I thought. Kim even said he liked him at first, and then he started messing up the machine and stuff.
So camp was like, you know, so he didn't like to remember for very long.
Pat started not liking him either. I mean my mom never liked him.
So okay, anyway, so behave. we're sitting there and you know how like can't I go? Well, he was a bit of drug addict and all that stuff.
But big old drug at how he was coker yeah he's a born again, Virgin.
I thought that was the most. But, anyway, he was you know he like is so like judgmental on other people.
Now he's gotten to be like that ever since I think basically since he's been married, he's like so judgmental on people of me like who just like people in general I mean he just don't know it's it's
weird like, you know how he used to always say, Well, I would never push my faith on anybody.
I would never preach to anybody but he Doesn't let us put anything up like as far as Catholic Conference.
Yeah, Tina's right here just nothing we're not lots of banking up.
But here comes this person in and it's about like you know thought he, History Linton, or whatever and he blasts it right out of the front door, you know, and he's not pushing it on his customers and stuff we lost
a lot of customers because of that because they didn't feel like you know.
That was a place I forget it was an announcement of somebody coming a speaker.
Oh, I think I remember that, And they were just not really well.
He used to like, You know, these little prior cards at the prett.
Yeah, Barbara had this. They have they come they come tracks what they are. They're like like that footprints on it, or I can remember this little thing.
Little prayers and stuff like that, and but get a little basket.
And it's a take one and right by the thing and she brought her little prey pin, and then she put, you know, happy birthday Christmas on the window.
I mean have birthday Christmas happy birthday. Jesus I know it's on this year to yourself.
But and I got you know some customers who it's not that they were Christian at all.
You know it was just. it annoyed them. But you told me they were going to trade religious section.
They were going to. they were doing wild. No, whatever, you know your dry, cleaner slash.
Religious card. everyone would be like you could have a drive through. They'll say, give me my clothes. Pick up a card on the way to now, and a birthday car. No like would have a baptism. card know.
I try to think what would they have that's like pagan or Jesus love you?
Channel. Jesus let you, but they had a bunch of hit it with him.
But also no new. Here He did it's not an instrument weird person in my hand was drug problem right?
That Thanksgiving we're got a chance here I told you it was like really detrimental.
And something you have to do with the bar next door number 10 people who drink one time or another, and I could remember. and so that, damn me and cats were talking, and and she like, was like, oh, is like a little run around you know she's still
like whether it is she was like pretend she used to like Go and just go to Utah with a bunch of guys and girls, you know, skip school, and I mean just you know, be a hippie kind of thing right now,
she's like 19 or 18. she's 17 still she said she just turns out a team as soon as she's dropped out of school. She has I didn't know she was that younger, and she like so she wasn't going to
Utah when she was like 15. Well, they were like but we were sitting there talking, and she's been in a center for rehabilitation and stuff.
But toys and stuff were talking, I and I told her, Do you get offended?
I go. Do you think that it not toy do you think it's fair that when people say you know that even if you like you were an alcoholic, they never say you were you're always alcoholic you just
recovered alcoholic. Do you know to be a recovered alcoholic.
But when, when you're a drug addict and you don't do anymore, they say, Oh, you've come clean, do you know anything?
Echo. that really bugs me and cat was in the back. as a I think a person who was a drug addict once was a drug addict. always is a drug addict.
I said they're just a recovered drug addict I have a name, and like really Laplace. Yeah, so that he would hear me, because that's not that's not fair I mean alcohol is just as a drug
too, and it's going up and still playing back like agree with me, and and and then I was all just being realised you're kicking the present.
No, i'm stepping no you don't do that it's like coming in wrapped isn't it.
You sit there? Oh, brother, really detrimental to what I mean?
Not like I didn't mean like half the things I said just just to like show him.
So maybe like I go. God I go I honestly don't see how somebody can just snort something up their nose. I mean.
What kind of satisfaction do you get? And I was this dog, and I was just like going on and saying stuff like that.
And did she do I mean? She was like I know isn't that just good?
Was she alcoholic, or I don't know really what she was, but she but it was just wound.
I was just being like really judgment on, like on purpose.
Never go up and say something. Well, I don't see how you can sniff that.
You know I would never say something like that. just to kind of show him how it is like, Yeah, but it feels like, and I was just going off, not he did.
He just did really quite, and then he's out and to cast it? Can I talk to you for a minute, and i'll go.
Oh, my goodness fired I can't just see this you can't You're going to unemployment and reason for when I said something about drug addiction, you know I mean but you know I decided it was I thought
he was gonna create something like to me like. Well, I was one, and I don't consider myself, You know I thought I could tell you something about the boiler.
No, no! and he ended up asking us, Well, what, how would you?
How would you describe Barry? His work, and I was like you thought and be careful when you answer this question?
I'm like so I was well I don't know actually because I didn't work with him in the morning anymore.
Thought, but when I did, I didn't think he was a good worker, he's all very good after a very good answer, but it was just buried, and just had you know anything, I said but you are careful but it was either he didn't want me
to say, Why, I think he's awful and it didn't know why, and I just because that was being judgmental, I guess.